########### AGORA : A UNIFIED ASSET ECOSYSTEM GOING BEYOND MARKET PLACES AND CLOUD SERVICES ##########

Agora is a unified asset ecosystem that allows providers to provide any type of assets (data, algorithms, software,
computational resources, and human expertise). Agora architecture is built from two difeerent layers, namely
asset layer and execution layer. The asset layer composes of a set of marketplaces where providers and 
clients can exchange their assets. Whereas the execution layer is the core component of Agora that is 
responsible for executing any task given by the clients and providers. This layer consists of two components,
the execution managers and node executors. One of the nodes provides access to Trusted Execution Environments
(TEEs). Agora implementation comes with several questions including the security concern : how can Agora 
specify privacy and security constraints to assets? can Agora ensure a trusted environment for the execution 
of assets having such constraints?

Six major categories of assets : data sources, algorithms, pipelines, systems, storage and compute resources,
and applications. There are indeed several challenges need to direct before implementing the Agora such as 
asset management, compliant asset processing, pricing and payments, privacy and security and efficient
asset execution. In terms of privacy and security, Agora investigates three approaches that complement each
other : establishing trust certificates, using trusted execution environments, and ensuring secure data 
transfer. To establish trust certificates, Agora tries to democratize the certification of properties such as 
the security standards and the locations of nodes. As solution for authentication, TLS handshake protocol is 
used. The second approach is by utilizing security features from Trusted Execution Environments (TEEs) that 
requires the providers to provide a secure execution environment within their processor. This solution is
offered for remote execution and it is good for distributed data processing. The third approach is by securing 
the data transfer. This includes encypted data with integrity guaranteed and using escrow service to secure data
trading.